idli
Idli or idly  are a type of savoury rice cake, originating from the Indian subcontinent, popular as breakfast foods in Southern India and in Sri Lanka.
pongal
pongal is a dish of rice mixed with boiled milk and sugar.
Poori
Poori is a deep-fat fried bread made from unleavened whole-wheat flour that originated in the Indian subcontinent. It is eaten for breakfast or as a snack or light meal.
Dosai
A dosa or dose is a thin pancake or crepe, originating from South India, made from a fermented batter predominantly consisting of lentils and rice. Its main ingredients are rice and black gram, ground together in a fine, smooth batter with a dash of salt, then fermented.
Chicken tandoori
Tandoori chicken, a dish of roasted chicken marinated in yogurt and generously spiced, giving the meat its trademark red colour. It is named for the cylindrical clay oven in which it is cooked, a tandoor. ... Tandoori chicken is often served on the bones.
Chicken Briyani
Biryani is a mixed rice dish originating among the Muslims of the Indian subcontinent. It is made with Indian spices, rice, and meat (chicken, beef, goat, lamb, prawn, or fish), and sometimes, in addition, eggs and/or vegetables such as potatoes in certain regional varieties.
Veg Briyani
Long-grained rice (like basmati) flavored with fragrant spices such as saffron and layered with vegetables and a thick gravy.
Mushroom Briyani
Long-grained rice (like basmati) flavored with fragrant spices such as saffron and layered with mushroom , vegetables and a thick gravy. 
Paneer tikka
Paneer tikka is an Indian dish made from chunks of paneer marinated in spices and grilled in a tandoor.
Parotta
Paratha/Parotta is an Subcontinental layered flatbread made from Maida or Atta.It is prepared by kneading maida/wheat flour, egg (in some recipes), oil or ghee and water. 
Lasagne
Lasagne, or the singular lasagna, is an Italian dish made of stacked layers of thin flat pasta alternating with fillings such as ragù (ground meats and tomato sauce) and other vegetables, cheese (which may include ricotta and parmesan), and seasonings and spices such as garlic, oregano and basil.
Raviolli with pink sauce
Ravioli  are a type of pasta comprising a filling enveloped in thin pasta dough. Usually served in broth or with a sauce, they originated as a traditional food in Italian cuisine.
Spaghetti
Spaghetti is a long, thin, solid, cylindrical noodle pasta. It is a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine. Like other pasta, spaghetti is made of milled wheat and water and sometimes enriched with vitamins and minerals. Italian spaghetti is typically made from durum wheat semolina.
White sauce pasta
While Alfredo sauce is typically made with butter, garlic, parmesan, and cream, a white sauce is more like a white gravy—made from a thickened roux of butter and flour, with milk mixed in pasta.
deep fried mandu
It is a broad classification for a dish that consists of pieces of dough (made from a variety of starch sources) wrapped around a filling, or of dough with no filling. The dough can be based on bread, flour or potatoes, and may be filled with meat, fish, cheese, vegetables, fruits or sweets. They are Deep fried
kimchi fried rice
Kimchi fried rice is primarily with kimchi and rice, along with healthy ingredients, such as diced vegetables or meats like spam. most popular dish in South Korea. well-fermented kimchi and chilled rice can produce a flavor of greater richness. Meat ingredients are chopped into the dish together with vegetables such as onion, carrot or zucchini. A small amount of minced garlic and sliced green pepper can be used as seasoning. These ingredients are fried in a pan with a little vegetable or sesame oil. After the cooked dish is put on a plate or in a bowl, a fried egg is sometimes served on top. Thinly shredded gim, chopped scallions or sesame are spread over it to enhance the flavor and to garnish.
Korean ramyeon
Instant noodles in Korea is called “Ramyeon",Ramyeon is typically spicy and salty.It consists of wheat noodles served in a meat or (occasionally) fish-based broth, often flavored with soy sauce or miso. it uses toppings such as sliced pork, nori (dried seaweed), menma, and scallions.Nearly every region in Japan has its own variation of ramen, such as the tonkotsu (pork bone broth) ramen of Kyushu and the miso ramen of Hokkaido. Mazemen is a ramen dish that is not served in a soup, but rather with a sauce (such as tare), like noodles that are served with a sweet and sour sauce.
Tteok-Bokki
Tteokbokki or stir-fried rice cakes is a popular Korean food made from small-sized . Eomuk (fish cakes), boiled eggs, and scallions are some common ingredients paired with tteokbokki in dishes.  It is seasoned with either spicy gochujang (chili paste) or non-spicy ganjang (soy sauce)-based sauce; 
Hotteok
hotteok is a type of filled Korean pancake.The dough for hotteok is made from wheat flour, water, milk, sugar, and yeast. The dough is allowed to rise for several hours. Handful-sized balls of this stiff dough are filled with a sweet mixture, which may contain brown sugar, honey, chopped peanuts, and cinnamon. The filled dough is then placed on a greased griddle, and pressed flat into a large circle with a special tool with a stainless steel circle and wooden handle as it cooks.
Chilli chicken
Chilli chicken is a popular Indo-Chinese dish of chicken of Hakka Chinese heritage.Chilli chicken comes in several variations with differences in spices and seasoning.as well as its "sauce" and "dry" variants with difference in their quantity of sauce or gravy.Mainly boneless chicken is used in this dish, some people also use bone-in chicken too.
Chowmein
Chowmein are Chinese stir-fried noodles with vegetables and sometimes meat or tofu;chow mein either has onions and celery in the finished dish or is served "strained", without any vegetables.Steamed chow mein can have many different kinds of vegetables in the finished dish, most commonly including onions and celery but sometimes carrots,cabbage and mung bean sprouts as well. Crispy chow mein is usually topped with a thick brown sauce,
while steamed chow mein is mixed with soy sauce before being served..
Manchow soup
Manchow soup is a soup popular in Indian Chinese cuisine due to its easy preparation and hot spicy taste. The origin of Manchow soup is Meghalaya.It is a dark brown soup prepared with various vegetables, scallions, and chicken, thickened with broth and corn flour, and flavored with generous doses of soy sauce, salt, garlic, chili peppers and, predominantly, ginger.It may be either vegetarian or non-vegetarian.It is garnished with chopped spring onions and is served with crispy fried noodles.
Spring rolls
a spring roll are fried pastries that can be found in several Asian countries.Fried spring rolls are generally small and crisp.They can be sweet or savory; the former often with red bean paste filling, and the latter are typically prepared with vegetables. They are fully wrapped before being pan-fried or deep-fried.
Schezuan chicken
It is a style of Chinese cuisine originating from Sichuan Province.It has bold flavours, particularly the pungency and spiciness resulting from liberal use of garlic and chili peppers, as well as the unique flavour of Sichuan pepper.It coms both in dry and semi-gravy forms.
Fried rice
Fried rice is a dish of cooked rice that has been stir-fried in a wok or a frying pan and is usually mixed with other ingredients such as eggs, vegetables, seafood, or meat.It is often eaten by itself or as an accompaniment to another dish.It is a staple national dish of Indonesia and Malaysia.
Hakka noodles
Hakka noodles are thin, flat noodles they made from unleavened dough made with rice or wheat flour. To cook these noodles, you have to simply toss them in boiling water, cook al-dente, drain out the water and then toss them with your favorite veggies and sauces.
Sweet corn soup
Corn soup is a soup made of corn, typically sweetcorn.Initially popular only in corn-producing areas of the world.the dish is now widespread because of greater corn distribution.Typical ingredients are corn cut from the cob, water, butter and flour, with salt and pepper for seasoning.Additional ingredients vary by region, and may include eggs.
Lemon chicken
it mainly include chicken and lemon.it usually consists of pieces of chicken meat that are sautéed orbattered and deep-fried and coated with a thick, sweet lemon-flavored sauce.
dimsums
dim sum has a very broad range of flavors, textures, cooking styles and ingredients.dim sum dishes are made of seafood, chopped meats, or vegetables wrapped in dough or thin wrappings and steamed, deep-fried, or pan-fried.A traditional dim sum brunch includes various types of steamed buns, such as cha siu bao (a steamed bun filled with barbecue pork),rice or wheat dumplings, and rice noodle rolls that contain a range of ingredients, including beef, chicken, pork, prawns and vegetarian options.
pancakes
Pan cakes is a flat cake, often thin and round, prepared from a starch-based batter that may contain eggs, milk and butter and cooked on a hot surface such as a griddle or frying pan,often frying with oil or butter. 
Chicken burger
the burgers usually consists of a chicken filet or patty, toppings and bread.The chicken meat can be deep fried, grilled, roasted or boiled, served hot or cold, and white or dark meat chicken can be used.Shredded chicken in one form or another, such as chicken salad, can also be used in chicken sandwiches.Another form is made with cold cuts.Wrap versions of the burgers can also be made, in which the ingredients are rolled up inside a flatbread, such as a tortilla. 
Vegburger
A veggie burger is a burger patty that does not contain meat.These burgers may be made from ingredients like beans, especially soybeans and tofu, nuts, grains, seeds or fungi such as mushrooms or mycoprotein.The patties that are the essence of a veggie burger have existed in various Eurasian cuisines for millennia,including in the form of disc-shaped grilled or fried meatballs or as koftas, a commonplace item in Indian cuisine.These may contain meats or be made of entirely vegetarian ingredients such as legumes or other plant-derived proteins.
Apple pie
An apple pie is a pie in which the principal filling ingredient is apple, originated in England.It is often served with whipped cream, ice cream ("apple pie à la mode"), or cheddar cheese.It is generally double-crusted, with pastry both above and below the filling;the upper crust may be solid or latticed (woven of crosswise strips).The bottom crust may be baked separately ("blind") to prevent it from getting soggy.Deep-dish apple pie often has a top crust only and tarte Tatin is baked with the crust on top, but served with it on the bottom.
Tacos
tacos is a traditional Mexican dish consisting of a small hand-sized corn or wheat tortilla topped with a filling.The tortilla is then folded around the filling and eaten by hand.A taco can be made with a variety of fillings, including beef, pork, chicken, seafood, beans, vegetables, and cheese, allowing for great versatility and variety.They are often garnished with various condiments, such as salsa, guacamole, or sour cream, and vegetables, such as lettuce, onion, tomatoes, and chiles. 
Chicken fried steak
Chicken fried steak, also known as country-fried steak or CFS, is an American breaded cutlet dish consisting of a piece of beefsteak (most often tenderized cube steak) coated with seasoned flour and either deep fried or pan-fried.It is sometimes associated with the Southern cuisine of the United States.It is breaded and fried with a technique similar to the more common fried chicken, hence "chicken fried." When deep fried,it is usually referred to as "chicken fried steak". Pan fried versions are typically referred to as "country fried steak".
Cioppino
Cioppino is traditionally made from the catch of the day, which in San Francisco It is typically a combination of Dungeness crab, clams, shrimp, scallops, squid, mussels and fish, all sourced from the ocean, in this case the Pacific. The seafood is then combined with fresh tomatoes in a wine sauce.The dish can be served with toasted bread, either local sourdough or French bread.The bread acts as a starch, similar to a pasta, and is dipped into the sauce.
Peanut butter Sandwich
A peanut butter sandwich is a type of sandwich that has peanut butter, but no jelly.Like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, it has bread.It has 327 calories (fat).
Donuts
It is a type of leavened fried dough.Doughnuts are usually deep fried from a flour dough, and typically either ring-shaped or a number of shapes without a hole,and often filled, but can also be ball-shaped ("doughnut holes").Other types of batters can also be used, and various toppings and flavorings are used for different types, such as sugar, chocolate, or maple glazing.Doughnuts may also include water, leavening, eggs, milk, sugar, oil, shortening, and natural or artificial flavors.
Nachos
Nachos are a Mexican regional[1][2] dish from northern Mexico that consists of heated tortilla chips or totopos covered with melted cheese (or a cheese-based sauce),often served as a snack or appetizer.More elaborate versions of the dish include other ingredients, and may be substantial enough to serve as a main dish.Ignacio "El Nacho" Anaya created the dish in 1940.The original nachos consisted of fried corn tortilla chips covered with melted cheese and sliced jalapeño peppers.
Masala mac and cheese
Masala is a mixture of ginger, garlic, onions, and tomatoes sauteed with Indian spices. So in this mac and cheese, we first make the masala and then make a roux (with butter and flour) to help thicken the sauce. We then add the milk slowly followed by lots of cheese.
Cheese garlic bread
The dough for the garlic breadsticks is made with basic pantry items – all purpose flour, sugar, yeast, and a generous amount of the garlic seasoning mix. We've used milk to bring the dough together because dough made with milk is much softer than dough made with water.
Italian minestra
Minestrone  is a thick soup of Italian origin made with vegetables, often with the addition of pasta or rice, sometimes both. Common ingredients include beans, onions, celery, carrots, stock, croutons, and tomatoes.
Quick tiramisu
Tiramisu is an elegant and rich layered Italian dessert made with delicate ladyfinger cookies, espresso or instant espresso, mascarpone cheese, eggs, sugar, Marsala wine, rum and cocoa powder.
Pizza margherita
An Italian pizza that historically could only be made in a wood burning oven using flatbread with only three ingredients; buffalo mozzarella cheese, red tomatoes, and green basil.
Coasted bell pepper crostini
This one consists of caramelised peppers and olives that are bound with cheese and topped on crusty french bread
Bibimbap
Bibimbap is served as a bowl of warm white rice topped with namul (sautéed and seasoned vegetables) or kimchi (traditional fermented vegetables) and gochujang (chili pepper paste), soy sauce, or doenjang (a fermented soybean paste).
Kimchi
Kimchi is a traditional Korean dish consisting of pickled vegetables, which is mainly served as a side dish with every meal, but also can be served as a main dish. Kimchi is mainly recognized as a spicy fermented cabbage dish globally.
Japachae
These are the traditional sweet potato noodles (also known as “glass noodles”) used to make japchae. They are made from two ingredients — sweet potato starch and water — and have an ever-so-slightly-sweet taste and a satisfying chewy texture
Gimbap
Gimbap or Kimbap  is a Korean dish made from cooked rice and other ingredients that are rolled in gim—dried sheets of seaweed—and served in bite-sized slices.
Bingsu
Patbingsu sometimes anglicized as patbingsoo, literally "red beans shaved ice" is a popular Korean shaved ice dessert with sweet toppings that may include chopped fruit, condensed milk, fruit syrup, and red beans. Varieties with ingredients other than red beans are called bingsu 